Home > Digital Training > 6 Month Coding Course
We’re offering a FREE 6-month hybrid learning course that will equip you with the fundamental skills to dive into programming languages like Python, C++, JavaScript and more!
 
Please note applications for this cohort are now closed.
Get updates on future courses
This FREE 6-month programme will be carried out mostly in your own time, with around 4 hours’ self-study per week, making it easy to integrate into your schedule. You’ll also benefit from fortnightly check-ins (outside of working hours) with industry experts, who will be there to offer invaluable insights but also to identify and nurture rising stars in talent. For more details about the course click here
As a Level 4 Qualification from the British Computer Society, this course is perfect for:
This course is produced in collaboration with Deloitte and WARM, and is part of Digital Jersey’s continued work with government to improve islanders’ skills.


The course material will be online so you can learn at your own pace. Fortnightly check-ins will help to focus your learning and ask questions of your cohort and digital specialists. We will focus on the Software development Core Module.
The first stage within the BCS three-stage Higher Education Qualification programme. Candidates will develop an understanding of fundamental concepts of the programming process, consider issues related to the various phases of software development, and will be introduced to different types of programming concepts.
There are no specific entrance requirements for the Certificate in IT. The Level 4 Certificate is suitable for candidates new to the profession who are keen to develop industry relevant skills and knowledge, as well as professionals wishing to gain a formal IT qualification. Candidates taking this module may be interested in career opportunities such as games or mobile app development, database architecture or webmaster roles.
Get updates on future courses
 Mon 18th September - Register your interest
 Mon 25th September - A short online short course to give you a taster of the full course and cement your interest.
 Sun 15th October
 Week beginning 16th October
 Week beginning 30th October
 Week beginning 20th November
Whether you are interested in technology, looking for career guidance, or deciding your next step in education, the Digital Jersey Academy has a wide range of training opportunities to suit your needs.
  Rory Steel   Head of Digital Jersey Academy
